ICO Whales
tv show

Invitation to Quote


Overview

ICO Whales is a TV show in development. The team includes a number of very prominent bitcoin/blockchain and technology leaders.

The show is a business reality show, in which the teams behind new cryptocurrency projects seek the backing and support of the shows' 5 "Whales". Whales is a term that refers to people who can move markets through their pronouncements, investments and new project creations. ICO refers to "Initial Coin Offering", which is when a new cryptocurrency project initially places and distributes their new crypto coins a.k.a. 'tokens'.


Filming Location

The show will be filmed in Panama, and will feature "Whales" and projects who will come to Panama in order to appear on the show, in addition to some Whales and projects that are Panama-based or connected. The show will be primarily filmed in one room, which will feature the 5 Whales and a team of up to 2 representatives at a time of each crypto project pitching the Whales.


Distribution

The show will be distributed through the Internet initially. The team has members with background and expertise in Internet distribution, as well as a following of people passionate about this space through their social networks.

Pilot Show Breakdown

total runtime: 14.5-15.5 minutes

1-2 min show intro, voiceover to be written (this is the concept, these are the Whales)
1 min intro pitch by project #1
9 min discussion/Q&A with Whales
30 second after-pitch reactions
3 min post-pitch industry discussion/chat in social setting


Technical Breakdown

1080p60 -- possibly 60p (frames per second) for the 'reality' feel (open for discussion, possibly 30p for the post-pitch), and works well w/ YouTube etc.
3 camera setup?
6-7 microphones; 1 for each of 5 Whales, plus 1-2 project representatives

Set Location:
Open to ideas on location such as a set
5 chairs for the Whales
Area for the project presentation


Timing

Filming within 3 weeks of selection of production team


